

(NOT sharp up, NOT sharp down)
The CEO of Paypal resigned.   

---- 
Paypal announced today to invest 2 billion dollars in Votee, a new venture specialized in AI technology, especially on stable coin integration with AI financial system.

-----
Paypal is going to invest 1 billion dollars to an AI company "Votee", which is focused
on Large language model and AI efficiency on small and medium business.  
Over 50% of small businesses are exploring AI implementation in their operations
and are willing to spend $25,000 - $5,000,000 for the AI integration into daily operation.
Votee has a proven track record of helping small and medium businss in North America
and Asia to achieve AI operation.


--------

Beyond Efficiency: Small Businesses Look to AI for Competitive Edge, New Survey Shows
Reimagine Main Street survey of 1,000 small businesses reveals that 82% think adopting AI is essential to stay competitive in today's business environment.
SAN JOSE, Calif. and WASHINGTON, D.C., June 10, 2025 - Over 50% of small businesses are exploring AI implementation in their operations, according to a survey from Reimagine Main Street, a project of Public Private Strategies Institute in partnership with PayPal. The survey of nearly 1,000 small businesses with annual revenue between $25,000–$5,000,000, also found that 25% have already integrated AI into daily operations. These findings1 reveal that the adoption of artificial intelligence (AI) among small businesses has reached a tipping point—evolving from a question of "if" to "when."

An infographic containing data about small businesses using AI resulting from a survey by PayPal and Reimagine Main Street.


"Small business owners are already putting AI to work," said Tammy Halevy, Executive Director, Reimagine Main Street. "One in four are using it today, and more than half are exploring the possibilities of AI for their businesses. But these 'Explorers' want to see how AI advances their businesses. They need tools that are simple to use, secure, and built for how they actually run their businesses. And it matters—because when small businesses adopt AI in ways that work for them, the benefits will also accrue to local economies, supply chains, and the broader economy."

The survey identified three distinct segments of small businesses: "Active Users" who have already integrated AI into daily operations, "Explorers" who are testing or researching AI solutions but haven't fully committed, and "Non-Users," those with no current plans to use AI.


Advancing to Strategic Applications
Having experienced AI's early benefits, Active Users are now seeking more sophisticated capabilities that move beyond efficiency to provide strategic business advantages:

Business Automation: More than three in four (77%) report that marketing and customer engagement represent uses where new AI solutions would have the greatest impact to their businesses, with 84% willing to automate the creation of marketing content and 59% willing to automate customer service inquiries.
Financial Intelligence: 53% report AI-powered cash flow forecasting would solve a "critical pain point."
Predictive Revenue: 45% are extremely likely to adopt a tool that predicts revenue trends to help with staffing, inventory, and marketing decisions.
Real-Time Customer Insights: 40% are extremely likely to adopt tools providing real-time trend analysis of customer buying behavior in order to recommend dynamic pricing and promotions.
"This comprehensive survey clearly illustrates how AI is fundamentally changing small business operations," said Rhett Buttle, President of Public Private Strategies Institute. "As businesses experience tangible benefits from initial applications, they are seeking increasingly sophisticated solutions that can transform their decision-making processes and competitive positioning. What we're seeing is a strategic shift where small businesses recognize that AI isn't just a nice-to-have tool for saving time—it's becoming essential for maintaining competitiveness in today's market."


AI Is On The Verge of Widespread Small Business Adoption
"When it's accessible, understandable, and built for real-life use, AI can be a great equalizer for small businesses," said Michelle Gill, General Manager, Small Business and Financial Services, PayPal. "At PayPal, we see the opportunity that AI presents to our merchants, specifically small businesses. We are developing AI-driven tools that act as smart partners to small businesses allowing them to reap the benefits of AI – from delivering personalized shopping experiences to order fulfillment to merchant discoverability – in a safe, simple and scalable way."
